Design Document
Cade Evans
Erinstagram
Data
Dis – 2D array of characters (rows x columns)
Store – 2D array of integers (rows x columns)
Rows, columns - pointers
Rows - int
Columns – int
Ext – int
Img - FILE
Actions
This program performs a multitude of actions to an image.
First, it asks the user to choose to load an image. Then the
program asks the user if they would like to display this image
or edit the image or exit. If the user chooses display then it will
be displayed using the corresponding characters. If the user
chooses edit, they will then be prompted to edit the image by
cropping, dimming, or brightening the image. After these edits
are done to the image the program asks the user if they would
like the image saved. If so then it asks the user what they
would like the file to be named. After choosing a name, the
user will be prompted with the first menu and will be repeated
until the user chooses to exit.
Functions
main()
Data: Arrays for image dimensions, variables for exit, load, display, and edit .
Functionality: Prompt user to choose from a menu to load, display, or edit an
image. If the user chooses to edit the image then another menu is displayed
asking if you would like to crop, dim, or brighten the image. After changes are
made, prompt the user to save the image to a file and if yes then prompt asking
for file name then return to first menu. When exit is entered, exit program
loadImg()
Input Parameters: int* rows, int* columns
Returned Output: Img FILE
Functionality: attempts to read the contents of an image of any size from a file
name provided by the user. Also determines the rows and columns of the new
image.
convertImg()
Input Parameters: “store” int 2D array, int rows, int columns
Returned Output: char 2D array
Functionality: Convert the values 0-4 into the corresponding character values.
displayImg()
Input Parameters: “dis” char 2D array, int rows, int columns
Returned Output: none
Functionality: print char 2D array, using the corresponding characters 0,O,o,.,
and “ “.
cropImg()
Input Parameters: int* rows, int* columns
Returned Output: none
Functionality: subtract from rows and columns depending on the direction the
user wants to crop.
